feat(igx-date-range-picker): add topic #1646 (#1911)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/date_range_picker.md

                <igx-icon>calendar_today</igx-icon>
            </igx-picker-toggle>
        </igx-date-range-start>
        <igx-date-range-end>
            <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
        </igx-date-range-end>
    </igx-date-range-picker>
</div>

```

#### User Interaction

In the default, single read-only input configuration, the calendar can be opened by clicking anywhere in the input, including the calendar icon. When there are two defined inputs for start date and end date, then input is editable and calendar can be only opened from the calendar icon.

When the calendar is opened, a range can be selected by choosing the start and end dates. Picking the start date will set the same value for the end date until a different end date is chosen. In the last case, picking an already selected day will clear selection.

Start and end date are separated by `-` when shown in the component's read-only input. When defining different inputs for start and end, they are separated by the `to` preposition. The latter is localizable and can be overwritten with a template. Follow the [Templating](#templating) example below, for more details.

> #### Projection of child components

Reviewer: "Projection child components" sounds better, IMO

The Date Range Picker component allows projecting the following child components: [`igxLabel`](label_input.md),[`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html), `igxPrefix`, `igxSuffix` and `igxPickerToggle`.

```html
<igx-date-range-picker #dateRangePicker="ngModel" [(ngModel)]="range">
    <label igxLabel>Flight dates</label>
    <igx-hint *ngIf="dateRangePicker.invalid">
        Please choose start and end date!
    </igx-hint>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> When two seperate inputs are defined this is done using the `IgxDateRangeStartComponent` and `IgxDateRangeEndComponent`, which are extending the existing `IgxInputGroupComponent`. This means they also can contain and can project `IgxInput`, [`igxLabel`](label_input.md),[`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html), `igxPrefix` and `igxSuffix`. In order to have date functionalities, the projected `IgxInput` should be decorated with [IgxDateTimeEditorDirective]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdatetimeeditordirective.html) directive, as shown in the code snippet below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When two separate inputs are defined this is done using the `IgxDateRangeStartComponent` and `IgxDateRangeEndComponent`, which are extending the existing [`IgxInputGroupComponent`](input_group.md). This means they also can contain and can project `IgxInput`, [`igxLabel`](label_input.md),[`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html), `igxPrefix` and `igxSuffix`. In order to have date functionalities, the projected `IgxInput` should be decorated with [IgxDateTimeEditorDirective]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdatetimeeditordirective.html) directive, as shown in the code snippet below:
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range">
    <igx-date-range-start>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
        <igx-picker-toggle igxPrefix>
            <igx-icon>calendar_today</igx-icon>
        </igx-picker-toggle>
    </igx-date-range-start>
    <igx-date-range-end>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
    </igx-date-range-end>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

### Examples

#### Label

> To define a label for the range date picker the [`igxLabel`](label_input.md) directive should be used, like shown in the snippet below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a label for the date range picker the [`igxLabel`](label_input.md) directive should be used, like shown in the snippet below:
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range">
    <label igxLabel>Flight dates</label>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> For more usage of projected components check the [Application Demo](#application-demo) at the end, where [`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html) is used.

Reviewer: The part about `IgxHint` seems redundant

#### Calendar icon

> By default, in a single read-only mode, the default calendar icon is provided as an prefix. For developer ease, the calendar icon itself can be changed or newly defined using the `igxPickerToggle` component. It can be decorated with either `igxPrefix` or `igxSuffix`, which will define its position - either at the start of the input or at the end. For changing the default icon position and putting the icon as a suffix the following code can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, in a single read-only mode, the default calendar icon is provided as a prefix. For development ease, the calendar icon itself can be changed or newly defined using the `igxPickerToggle` component. It can be decorated with either `igxPrefix` or `igxSuffix`, which will define its position - either at the start of the input or at the end. For changing the default icon position and putting the icon as a suffix the following code can be used:
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker>
    <igx-picker-toggle igxSuffix>
        <igx-icon>calendar_view_day</igx-icon>
    </igx-picker-toggle>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> When Date Range Picker has two separate inputs for start and end dates, it doesn't expose icon by default, which means that it should be added manually, as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Date Range Picker has two separate inputs for start and end dates, it doesn't expose an icon by default. It can be manually added, as shown below:
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker>
    <igx-date-range-start>
        ...
        <igx-picker-toggle igxPrefix>
            <igx-icon>calendar_view_day</igx-icon>
        </igx-picker-toggle>
        ...
    </igx-date-range-start>
    <igx-date-range-end>
        ...
    </igx-date-range-end>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> The demo shows that in that case `igx-date-range-start` can be defined as child of the `IgxDateRangeStartComponent` and `IgxDateRangeEndComponent`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this sentence is referring to. `igx-date-range-start` should be replaced with `igx-picker-toggle`?

#### Dropdown mode

> The `IgxDateRangePickerComponent` component has two modes - dialog(default) and dropdown. The define the dropdown mode, use the snippet below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IgxDateRangePickerComponent` component has two modes - dialog (default) and dropdown. To define the picker in dropdown mode, use the snippet below:
```

```html
<igx-date-range mode="dropdown"></igx-date-range>
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:600px">
    <iframe id="daterangepicker-mode-iframe" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/scheduling/daterangepicker-mode" width="100%" height="100%" seamless="" frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="daterangepicker-mode-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

> When in drop down mode the `Done` button is not available, but in both modes value is set when dates are picked from the calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When in dropdown mode, the `Done` button is not available. In both modes value is set when dates are picked from the calendar.
```

#### Keyboard Navigation

Keyboard navigation is available only for `dropdown` `mode` of the `IgxDateRangePickerComponent` component. Use the demo above to try the following keyboard combinations.

> When the focus and cursor are in a input then the [keyboard navigation](date_time_editor.md#keyboard-navigation) of the `igx-date-time-editor` directive is applicable also here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the focus and cursor are in an input then the [keyboard navigation](date_time_editor.md#keyboard-navigation) of the `igx-date-time-editor` directive is also applicable here:
```

- <kbd>Enter</kbd> selects start and end dates
- <kbd>PageUp</kbd> key to move to the previous month,
- <kbd>PageDown</kbd> key to move to the next month,
- <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>PageUp</kbd> keys to move to the previous year,
- <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>PageDown</kbd> keys to move to the next year,
- <kbd>Home</kbd> key to focus the first day of the current month  or first month in view
- <kbd>End</kbd> key to focus the last day of the current month or last month in view
- <kbd>Tab</kbd> key to navigate through the subheader buttons;

<div class="divider--half"></div>

#### Formatting

Date Range picker supports different display and input formats.

The display format value can be one of the defined by Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe). Input Format doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`, but accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`.

The [`formatter`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#formatter) function can be used for defining a custom format, different from those above.

> When in the application the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used then RangeDatePicker is taking this into account as its default locale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used in the application then RangeDatePicker takes this into account as its default locale.
```

The value is of type `DateRange`. Validation happens on any of the following [`updateOn`](https://angular.io/api/forms/AbstractControl#updateOn) events.

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:600px">
    <iframe id="daterangepicker-validation-iframe" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/scheduling/daterangepicker-validation" width="100%" height="100%" seamless="" frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="daterangepicker-validation-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

Below you can find the three different configurations shown in the demo above.

The first snippet setups model for a single read-only range component and it is done on a component level:

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range" required>
    <label igxLabel>Period</label>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> The same configuration can be used when setting two separate inputs. Note that in those case validation also is applied for both inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same configuration can be used when setting two separate inputs. Note that in this case, validation is also applied for both inputs.
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range" required>
    <igx-date-range-start>
        <label igxLabel>Start Date</label>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
        <igx-picker-toggle igxPrefix>
            <igx-icon>calendar_today</igx-icon>
        </igx-picker-toggle>
    </igx-date-range-start>
    <igx-date-range-end>
        <label igxLabel>End Date</label>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
    </igx-date-range-end>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> When having two separate inputs then it is possible to set model and `required` on each individual input. This is shown in the example below and note that validation is specific for each individual input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When having two separate inputs, it is possible to set model and `required` on each individual input. This is shown in the example below. Note that validation is specific for each individual input.
```

```html
<igx-date-range>
    <igx-date-start>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.start" type="text" required>
    </igx-date-start>
    <igx-date-end>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.end" type="text" required>
    </igx-date-end>
</igx-date-range>
```

#### Min max value

> You can specify [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) properties to restrict input and control the validity of the ngModel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) properties to restrict input and control the validity of the `ngModel`.
```

$text-color: igx-color($custom-palette, "secondary", 200);
$color-focused: igx-color($custom-palette, "secondary", 500);

// DATE-RANGE
$custom-date-range-theme: igx-date-range-picker-theme(
    $label-color: $color-focused
);

// INPUT GROUP
$custom-input-group-theme: igx-input-group-theme(
  $palette: $custom-palette,
  $filled-text-color: $text-color,
  $idle-text-color: $text-color,
  $focused-text-color: $color-focused,
  $hover-bottom-line-color: $color-focused,
  $idle-bottom-line-color: $purple
);

// CALENDAR
$roundness: 0.5;
$custom-calendar-theme: igx-calendar-theme(
    $palette: $custom-palette,
    $date-current-text-color: $today-text,
    $border-radius: $roundness,
    $date-border-radius: $roundness
);
```

#### Using CSS variables
The last step is to pass the custom themes:

```scss
    @include igx-css-vars($custom-date-range-theme);
    @include igx-css-vars($custom-input-group-theme);
    @include igx-css-vars($custom-calendar-theme);
```

#### Using Theme Overrides

In order to style components for older browsers, like Internet Explorer 11, we have to use a different approach, since it doesn't support CSS variables. 

> If the component is using the [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to `penetrate` this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`. To prevent the custom theme to leak into other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the component is using the [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to penetrate this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`. To prevent the custom theme from leaking into other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:
```

 ```scss
:host {
    ::ng-deep {
        @include igx-date-range-picker($custom-date-range-theme);
        @include igx-input-group($custom-input-group-theme);
        @include igx-calendar($custom-calendar-theme);
    }
}
```

#### Scoping Styles
Regarding scoping styles, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:600px">
    <iframe id="styled-daterangepicker-iframe" src='{environment:demosBaseUrl}/scheduling/styled-daterangepicker' width="100%" height="100%" 
        seamless frameBorder="0" class="lazyload no-theming"></iframe>
</div>
<br/>
<div>
<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="styled-daterangepicker-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>

### Application Demo

> The demo below defines form for flight tickets that uses `igxDateRangePicker` component. The dates should be selected otherwise [`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html) is used to display validation error. The selection of the dates is restricted using [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) of the `IgxDateRangePickerComponent`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The demo below defines a form for flight tickets that uses `igxDateRangePicker` component. The dates should be selected otherwise an [`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html) is used to display a validation error. The selection of the dates is restricted using [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) of the `IgxDateRangePickerComponent`
```

    <igx-picker-toggle igxSuffix>
        <igx-icon>calendar_view_day</igx-icon>
    </igx-picker-toggle>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

When Date Range Picker has two separate inputs, for start and end dates, it doesn't expose an calendar toggle by default. The [`IgxPickerToggleComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxpickertogglecomponent.html) should be manually added as a child for [`IgxDateRangeStartComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangestartcomponent.html) or [`IgxDateRangeEndComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangeendcomponent.html), as shown below:

```html
<igx-date-range-picker>
    <igx-date-range-start>
        ...
        <igx-picker-toggle igxPrefix>
            <igx-icon>calendar_view_day</igx-icon>
        </igx-picker-toggle>
        ...
    </igx-date-range-start>
    <igx-date-range-end>
        ...
    </igx-date-range-end>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

#### Dropdown mode

The [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html) component has two modes - dialog (default) and dropdown. To define the picker in dropdown mode, use the snippet below:

```html

> <igx-date-range mode="dropdown"></igx-date-range>

Reviewer 2: I think it is better to show `@Input` binding with brackets like this:
```
[mode]="'dropdown'"
```

```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:500px">
    <iframe id="daterangepicker-mode-iframe" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/scheduling/daterangepicker-mode" width="100%" height="100%" seamless="" frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="daterangepicker-mode-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

When in dropdown mode, the `Done` button is not available. In both modes value is set when dates are picked from the calendar.

#### Keyboard Navigation

> > Note: Use the demos for [Drop down mode](#dropdown-mode) and [Separate Editable Inputs](#separate-editable-inputs) to try the keyboard combinations defined in that topic section.

Reviewer 2: This should be`Drodown mode` instead of `Drop down mode`

To open/close [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html) calendar, using keyboard, the [`mode`]([`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#mode)) should be `dropdown`.

> - <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Down Arrow</kbd> - Opens the drop-down calendar and focuses it

Reviewer 2: I would go with `dropdown` everywhere. Or `drop-down` or `drop down` - just to be same everywhere

The [calendar keyboard navigation](calendar.md#keyboard-navigation) section contains all keyboard combinations that can be used in the calendar.

When two separate inputs are defined then [keyboard navigation](date_time_editor.md#keyboard-navigation) of the [`igxDateTimeEditor`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdatetimeeditordirective.html) directive is also applicable for the Date Range Picker component:

- <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> / <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> / <kbd>Right</kbd> - navigates between date sections. On <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> / <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Right</kbd> it goes to the end of the section. If already there it goes to the end of next section if any. It works in a similar fashion in the opposite direction.
- <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> / <kbd>Down</kbd> - increments/decrements date portions.
- <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> / <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>;</kbd> - sets the current day and time in the editor.

<div class="divider--half"></div>

#### Formatting

The Date Range picker supports different display and input formats.

> The format of the value can be one of the listed Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe) formats, which allows it to support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The display format of the value can be one of the listed Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe) formats, which allows it to support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`.
```

> Input Format accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy` but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If there isn't input format defined then [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used for a building an input format.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not specified defined then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.
```

> Input Format doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`, but accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`. If there isn't input format defined then [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used for a building an input format.

Reviewer 2: Start positive like this:
`Input Format support this and that. Note it does not support those.`
and not
`Input Format does not support those, but supports that.`

> The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not specified defined then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not defined then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.
```

> The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not specified defined then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not defined then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range" required inputFormat="dd/MM/yyyy" displayFormat="dd/MM/yy">
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

#### Forms and Validation

> The Date Range Picker Component supports all of the form directives from the core FormsModule [NgModel](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) and [ReactiveFormsModule](https://angular.io/api/forms/ReactiveFormsModule) (FormControl, FormGroup, etc.). This also includes the [Forms Validators](https://angular.io/api/forms/Validators) functions. In addition the component's [min and max values](#min-and-max-values) also acts as form validators.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Date Range Picker Component supports all directives from the core FormsModule [NgModel](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) and [ReactiveFormsModule](https://angular.io/api/forms/ReactiveFormsModule) (FormControl, FormGroup, etc.). This also includes the [Forms Validators](https://angular.io/api/forms/Validators) functions. In addition, the component's [min and max values](#min-and-max-values) also acts as form validators.
```

> The [NgModel](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) and validators can be set on [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html) component or on the individual start and end date inputs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The [NgModel](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) and validators can be set on the [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html) component or on the individual start and end date inputs.
```

> The following 3 snippets and example illustrates the use of the `required` validator in a Template-driven form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following snippets and example illustrate the use of the `required` validator in a Template-driven form.
```

> The first snippet setups model for a single read-only range component and it is done on a component level:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The first snippet sets up the model for a single read-only range component, which is done on the component level:
```

> The first snippet sets up the model for a single read-only range component, which is done on the component level:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First, we need to set up the model for a single read-only range component, which is done on the component level:
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range" required>
    <label igxLabel>Period</label>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> The same configuration can be used when setting two separate inputs. Note that in this case, validation is also applied for both inputs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The same configuration can be used when setting two separate inputs. Note that in this case, validation is also applied to both inputs.
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range" required>
    <igx-date-range-start>
        <label igxLabel>Start Date</label>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
        <igx-picker-toggle igxPrefix>
            <igx-icon>calendar_today</igx-icon>
        </igx-picker-toggle>
    </igx-date-range-start>
    <igx-date-range-end>
        <label igxLabel>End Date</label>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor type="text">
    </igx-date-range-end>
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

> When having two separate inputs, it is possible to set model and `required` on each individual input. This is shown in the example below. Note that validation is specific for each individual input.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When using two separate inputs, it is possible to set the model and required properties on each input. This is shown in the example below. Note that validation is specific for each individual input.
```

> When using two separate inputs, it is possible to set the model and required properties on each input. This is shown in the example below. Note that validation is specific for each individual input.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using two separate inputs, it is possible to set the model and required properties on each input. Note that validation is specific for each individual input.
```

```html
<igx-date-range>
    <igx-date-start>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.start" type="text" required>
    </igx-date-start>
    <igx-date-end>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.end" type="text" required>
    </igx-date-end>
</igx-date-range>
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:600px">
    <iframe id="daterangepicker-validation-iframe" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/scheduling/daterangepicker-validation" width="100%" height="100%" seamless="" frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="daterangepicker-validation-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

#### Min and max values

> You can specify [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) properties to restrict input by disabling calendar dates that are outside that range and control the validity of the `ngModel`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can specify [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) properties to restrict the user input by disabling calendar dates that are outside the range defined by those values.
```

```typescript
public minDate = new Date(2020, 1, 15);
public maxDate = new Date(2020, 12, 1);
```

```html
<igx-date-range-picker [(ngModel)]="range" required
    [minValue]="minDate" [maxValue]="maxDate">
</igx-date-range-picker>
```

```html
<igx-date-range>
    <igx-date-start>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.start" type="text" required [minValue]="minDate">
    </igx-date-start>
    <igx-date-end>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.end" type="text" required [maxValue]="maxDate">
    </igx-date-end>
</igx-date-range>
```

#### Templating

>  When two editors are defined then the default separator (`to` preposition), can be templated using the [`igxDateSeparator`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdateseparator.html) directive. The following example changes date separator to `-`:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 When two editors are defined then the default separator (`to`), can be templated using the [`igxDateSeparator`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdateseparator.html) directive. The following example changes the date separator to `-`:
```

>  When two editors are defined then the default separator (`to`), can be templated using the [`igxDateSeparator`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdateseparator.html) directive. The following example changes the date separator to `-`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 When two editors are used the default separator (`to`), can be templated using the [`igxDateSeparator`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdateseparator.html) directive. Here is how to change the date separator to `-`:
```

```html
<igx-date-range>
    <igx-date-start>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.start" type="text" required>
    </igx-date-start>
    <ng-template igxDateSeparator>-</ng-template>
    <igx-date-end>
        <input igxInput igxDateTimeEditor [(ngModel)]="range.end" type="text" required>
    </igx-date-end>
</igx-date-range>
```

### Styling

To get started with styling the `igxDateRangePicker`, we need to import the `index` file, where all the theme functions and component mixins live:

```scss
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
``` 

> Date Range Picker Component exposes `igx-date-range-picker-theme` and utilizes several components and directives, including `igxInputGroupComponent`, `igxCalendar` and `igxOverlay`. Any global styling for the above will affect the `igxDateRangeComponent`. As the Date Range Picker Component uses the input group's and calendar's theme, we have to create new themes that extend the [`igx-calendar-theme`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-calendar-theme), [`igx-input-group-theme`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-input-group-theme) and use some of their parameters to style the date range picker in conjunction with the date range picker's own theme. We will use a single custom color palette to define the colors to use across all themes:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Date Range Picker Component exposes `igx-date-range-picker-theme` and utilizes several components and directives, including `igxInputGroupComponent`, `igxCalendar` and `igxOverlay`. Any global styling for the aforementioned components and directives will affect the `igxDateRangeComponent`. As the Date Range Picker Component uses the input group and calendar themes, we have to create new themes that extend the [`igx-calendar-theme`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-calendar-theme) and [`igx-input-group-theme`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-input-group-theme) and use some of their parameters to style the date range picker in conjunction with the date range picker theme. We will use a single custom color palette to define the colors to use across all themes:
```

```scss
// COMMON
$purple: #9E379F;
$blue: #61AEDB;

$custom-palette: igx-palette($primary: $blue, $secondary: $purple);

$today-text: igx-color($custom-palette, "primary", 500);
$text-color: igx-color($custom-palette, "secondary", 200);
$color-focused: igx-color($custom-palette, "secondary", 500);

// DATE-RANGE
$custom-date-range-theme: igx-date-range-picker-theme(
    $label-color: $color-focused
);

// INPUT GROUP
$custom-input-group-theme: igx-input-group-theme(
  $palette: $custom-palette,
  $filled-text-color: $text-color,
  $idle-text-color: $text-color,
  $focused-text-color: $color-focused,
  $hover-bottom-line-color: $color-focused,
  $idle-bottom-line-color: $purple
);

// CALENDAR
$roundness: 0.5;
$custom-calendar-theme: igx-calendar-theme(
    $palette: $custom-palette,
    $date-current-text-color: $today-text,
    $border-radius: $roundness,
    $date-border-radius: $roundness
);
```

#### Using CSS variables
The last step is to pass the custom themes:

```scss

>     @include igx-css-vars($custom-date-range-theme);
>     @include igx-css-vars($custom-input-group-theme);
>     @include igx-css-vars($custom-calendar-theme);

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
@include igx-css-vars($custom-date-range-theme);
@include igx-css-vars($custom-input-group-theme);
@include igx-css-vars($custom-calendar-theme);
```

```

#### Using Theme Overrides

In order to style components for older browsers, like Internet Explorer 11, we have to use a different approach, since it doesn't support CSS variables. 

> If the component is using the [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to penetrate this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`. To prevent the custom theme from leaking into other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the component is using the [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to penetrate it using `::ng-deep`. To prevent the custom theme from leaking into other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:
```

 ```scss
:host {
    ::ng-deep {
        @include igx-date-range-picker($custom-date-range-theme);
        @include igx-input-group($custom-input-group-theme);
        @include igx-calendar($custom-calendar-theme);
    }
}
```

#### Scoping Styles

> Regarding scoping styles, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Regarding styles scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.
```

> Regarding styles scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Regarding style scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:600px">
    <iframe id="styled-daterangepicker-iframe" src='{environment:demosBaseUrl}/scheduling/styled-daterangepicker' width="100%" height="100%" 
        seamless frameBorder="0" class="lazyload no-theming"></iframe>
</div>
<br/>
<div>
<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="styled-daterangepicker-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>

### Application Demo

> The demo below defines a form for flight tickets that uses [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html). The dates should be selected otherwise an [`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html) is used to display a validation error. The selection of the dates is restricted using [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) properties of the [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The demo below defines a form for flight tickets that uses the [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html). If no dates are selected, an [`IgxHint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html) is used to display a validation error. The selection of the dates is restricted by the [`minValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#minvalue) and [`maxValue`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#maxvalue) properties of the [`IgxDateRangePickerComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html)
```

The [calendar keyboard navigation](calendar.md#keyboard-navigation) section contains all keyboard combinations that can be used in the calendar.

When two separate inputs are defined then [keyboard navigation](date_time_editor.md#keyboard-navigation) of the [`igxDateTimeEditor`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdatetimeeditordirective.html) directive is also applicable for the Date Range Picker component:

- <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> / <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> / <kbd>Right</kbd> - navigates between date sections. On <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> / <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Right</kbd> it goes to the end of the section. If already there it goes to the end of next section if any. It works in a similar fashion in the opposite direction.
- <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> / <kbd>Down</kbd> - increments/decrements date portions.
- <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> / <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>;</kbd> - sets the current day and time in the editor.

<div class="divider--half"></div>

#### Formatting

The Date Range picker supports different display and input formats.

> The format of the value can be one of the listed Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe) formats, which allows it to support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The format of the value can be one of the listed Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe) formats. This allows it to support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`.
```

> The format of the value can be one of the listed Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe) formats, which allows it to support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The display format of the value can be one of the listed Angular [DatePipe](https://angular.io/api/common/DatePipe) formats, which allows it to support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`.
```

> The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not specified defined then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `inputFormat` property accepts a constructed format string using characters supported by the DatePipe, e.g. `MM/dd/yyyy`, but doesn't support predefined format options, such as `shortDate` and `longDate`. If the `inputFormat` property is not specified then the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used when building the input format.
```

The [`formatter`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdaterangepickercomponent.html#formatter) function can be used for defining a custom format, different from those above.

> If the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used in the application then RangeDatePicker takes this into account as its default locale.

Reviewer: Missed this one
```suggestion
If the [Angular locale ID](https://angular.io/api/core/LOCALE_ID) token is used in the application then DateRangePicker takes this into account as its default locale.
```

```

#### Scoping Styles

> Regarding styles scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Regarding style scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.
```

> Regarding styles scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more insights.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Regarding styles scoping, you should refer to both styling sections [Overlay Scoped Component Styles](overlay_styling.md#scoped-component-styles) and [Input Group Scoping Styles](input_group.md#scoping-styles) as they provide more information.
```
